1654gregtech/gt.metaitem.01-32730.png0§6§lAutomating Power On/Off1-1Once you have a GT boiler or Large Combusion Engine with a long startup time, you may wish to automate turning it on/off to save fuel, since extra power or Steam will just be voided. Additionally, the bigger your Steam/EU buffer is, the less time your generators will spend heating up, which makes them more efficient. Use a Machine Controller Cover on the controller (protip: You can put it on the top, bottom, or on the side next to a casing, casings will transmit redstone signal). §3You can use a Soldering Iron and Fine Soldering Alloy Wire to set the Redstone Output of a controller block to strong so it'll go through a casing (only casings, not hatches, busses, etc) to use with an activity detector if you want to receive a signal from the controller rather than turning it on/off with one.§r

With a Machine Controller Cover, you can use redstone to turn the machine on and off. This is handy if you don't want to use a Soft Hammer to disable a machine yourself constantly.
 
The best way to do that is with an RS latch. One input will turn the machine on, and one input will turn the machine off. Use a comparator attached to a valve to measure the steam level in your multiblock Iron or Steel Tank. Invert the signal to turn on your boiler when the steam level is low. When the steam level signal is high, turn your boiler off. Use a trail of redstone to lower the signal strength. Because of boiler/turbine warmup, try to set the ON strength to 30 percent of capacity and OFF strength to about 90 percent.

Red alloy wire will hold a redstone signal for a longer distance than normal redstone, while redstone conduits will go indefinitely. You can also use amplified redcrystal to improve the strength of the signal for a long distance, repeating as necessary. 

You can use a Energy Detector Cover in Normal Electrical Storage (including batteries) mode to monitor the power in a battery buffer and use it to enable/disable generators in a similar way. Change mode using a screwdriver. If you use a dense redcrystal, it will only allow signal through at a certain level, perfect for automating this kind of thing.

You can use MCCs on more than just generators though, you can use it on any multiblock (and most SBs too). This is useful to prevent voiding of materials. If a non-GT++ multi is full, it'll void the items or liquid (GT++ ones will halt) and keep on truckin', potentially voiding huge amounts of materials. You'll want to use them in combination with Fluid or Item Detection Covers on the output hatch or bus.

§2If you still don't get it, watch moron's video on it at: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=jPfnifJEO64ORpre7840gregtech/gt.blockmachines-1020.png17400gregtech/gt.blockmachines-1171.png18940gregtech/gt.blockmachines-1151.pngrewardsItemgregtech/gt.metaitem.01-32734.pngEnergy Detector Cove;Gives out Energy Amount as Redstone
2Itemdreamcraft/item.CoinTechnicianI-0.pngCoin "The Technician 10
5enhancedlootbags/lootbag-4-enchanted.pngLootBag (Tier 1 LV;Your luck is increased by 100 %;Fortune III;Enchant with a Fortune III Book
2tasksANDRetrievalgregtech/gt.metaitem.01-32730.pngMachine Controller Cove;Turns Machines ON/OFF
1ProjRedIntegration/projectred.integration.gate-12.pngRS Latc
1ProjRedIntegration/projectred.integration.gate-2.pngNOT Gat
1minecraft/redstone-0.pngRedston
16ProjRedTransmission/projectred.transmission.wire-0.pngRed Alloy Wir
8