2007gregtech/gt.blockmachines-15311.png1Quantum Computer11-1One of the most incredibly complicated machines, this will serve as the main structure for your Computation generation for the Research Station. 

First, you'll need a few things: the Quantum Computer itself, The Uncertainty Resolver, some good circuits and the Computer Racks to hold them, and at least a UV energy hatch (maybe start with a UV 4A energy hatch). The QC will consume 1A of UV, and each rack will use one more. So another important factor is to ONLY turn on the Quantum Computer once you have the desired recipe for the Research Station ready to avoid excess energy loss. Remember to turn the QC on BEFORE the RS. In order for you to build this absolute monster, you'll need to place down the Quantum Computer at least 1 block above the surface/ground and use the Multiblock Structure Hologram Projector to see where to place everything. The blocks with no dots next to the vents indicate that that space must be empty. Later you'll want to build a bigger QC. Use a stack of multiple Hologram Projectors to see how that is build. If at some point even a maximum size QC with 24 racks is no longer sufficient, you can also chain multiple QCs. For now, let us focus on a basic setup.

Uncertainty Resolver:
A mini-game that might take you a bit to understand. Your goal is to balance the lights around the focal points. Sometimes, the Schrödinger Status will require some puzzle solving again after a period of time. This is random and incredibly frustrating, especially during operations being done between the Research Station and Quantum Computer(s), so it is important to constantly check the Uncertainty Resolver before you start operations on your Computer. If the puzzle looks too hard or you can't complete it, just remove it and the controller and re-place them to get a different puzzle.

Computer Racks:
The main component within the multiblock to generate Computation. In order to achieve this, you will need to input some circuits and ic2 heat vents; Advanced Heat Vents work best. It is critical that you use Heat Vents to prevent the heat from reaching a catastrophic point. Computer Racks will always melt or explode about 9000 heat (also written as 90 percent, 10000 being 100 percent) but most circuits have much lower thresholds. For our example here we will use Ultimate Crystalcomputers. With these, any heat above 54 percent should be avoided for safety reasons! The maximum heat will be different for different circuits, even if they are of the same tier. You can see the heat for individual racks by scanning them. You cannot remove or insert components until the heat is gone. You can see the overall heat value in the controller's interface. And most importantly: DO NOT WRENCH THE COMPUTER RACKS IF THEY HAVE HEAT IN THEM. Otherwise, you're going to get an explosion.

Computation:
Computation is generated every second and is based on the tier of your circuit. There are, however, differences in between how much computation is generated, even with the same exact tier. For instance, you could use a Master Quantum Computer (Quantum Circuit Series / LuV) or a Wetwareprocessor (Wetware Circuit Series / LuV) which will give you more Computation even though they are of the same tier. If you wish to find out exactly how much Computation a circuit gives; place down a Computer Rack, put a circuit inside and scan it. You can also see the total computation in the controller.

It will include the following information.
Base computation: 
After overclocking: <same as above unless you specially overclock it>
Heat Accumulated: <based on circuits and heat vents, keep a watchful eye on this part as it's extremely important>

You can find an overview of circuits with their maximum heat and Computation generation on the GTNH wiki.

Using the parameters in the GUI, you can overclock and overvolt the QC but we won't do so for our example setup here.

Sending Computation to the Research Station:
Use the Optical Master Connector in one of the variable spaces on the QC, and the Optical Slave Connector on the RS. Use Optical Fiber Cable to connect them, and make sure to paint all three.

Example setup:
Now that you've understood the concepts and safety of handling of the QC, what are the more optimal setups for your Quantum Computer? For now, we suggest 2 racks with 3 Ultimate Crystalcomputers each, and of course 1 Advanced Heat Vent. This gives you 156 C/s and will get you started with recipes in the Research Station. This is a rather minimal setup though, you should probably think about more optimized (or just larger) setups later!

Now that you understand the QC, it's time to build it! You'll need to gather quite a lot of resources.ANDpre20061tectech/gt.blockcasingsTT-0.png26281gregtech/gt.blockmachines-48.pngrewardsItemtectech/gt.blockcasingsTT-3.pngAdvanced Computer Casin;TecTech: Elemental Matter;Contains high bandwidth bus;couple thousand qubits wide.
20tasksANDOptionalgregtech/gt.blockmachines-15430.pngUncertainty Resolve;TecTech: Elemental Matter;Feeling certain, or not?;Schr\u00f6dinger equation in a box
1gregtech/gt.blockmachines-15441.pngOptical Master Connecto;TecTech: Elemental Matter;Quantum Data Output for Multiblocks;High speed fibre optics connector.;Must be painted to work
1gregtech/gt.blockmachines-15470.pngOptical Fiber Cabl;TecTech: Elemental Matter;Advanced data transmission;Don''t stare at the beam!;Must be painted to work;Do not cross or split
1gregtech/gt.blockmachines-15103.pngUV 4A Energy Hatc;TecTech: Interdimensional;Multiple Ampere Energy Injector for Multiblocks;Amperes In: 5 A;Voltage IN: 524,288 (UV);Capacity: 8,389,120 EU
1tectech/gt.blockcasingsTT-2.pngComputer Heat Ven;TecTech: Elemental Matter;Air vent with a filter.;Perfectly muffled sound!
6tectech/gt.blockcasingsTT-1.pngComputer Casin;TecTech: Elemental Matter;Nice and clean casing.;Dust can break it!?
17tectech/gt.blockcasingsTT-3.pngAdvanced Computer Casin;TecTech: Elemental Matter;Contains high bandwidth bus;couple thousand qubits wide.
10gregtech/gt.blockmachines-15450.pngComputer Rac;TecTech: Elemental Matter;4 Slot Rack;Holds Computer Components
2Retrievalgregtech/gt.blockmachines-15311.pngQuantum Compute;Machine Type: Quantum Computer;Controller block of the Quantum Computer;Used to generate computation (and heat);The structure is too complex!;-----------------------------------------;Hold [LSHIFT] to display structure guidelines;Added by: TecTech: Elemental Matter
1