2008gregtech/gt.blockmachines-15331.png1Research Station11-1Now that you've started building up your precious Quantum Computer, how about the Research Station? Once again, using the Multiblock Structure Hologram Projector will tell you how to build this Multiblock. There should be 3 empty blocks beneath it so you can see the whole blueprint. Once it is nearly assembled, place down an Energy Hatch, an Optical Slave Connector, and a Maintenance Hatch all on the back side.

Once fully assembled, you can begin operating recipes at any time, so long as the Quantum Computer is also active and connected. The Research Station requires you to put the item to research within the Object Holder, then a data stick in the Multiblock interface. Once the Computation is fully completed, the data stick that houses all the data of the completed item will be inside the Multiblock Interface.

Still confused? Good, that's the spirit of learning! Always make sure to test these things in creative single player if you wish to find exact measurements and such. Don't forget to ALWAYS COLOR THE OPTICAL HATCHES AND FIBERS!

Note that some researches require a significant amount of amps, so keep that in mind.ANDpre20071gregtech/gt.blockmachines-15311.pngrewardsItemtectech/gt.blockcasingsTT-1.pngComputer Casing;TecTech: Elemental Matter;Nice and clean casing.;Dust can break it!?
59tasksANDOptionalgregtech/gt.blockmachines-15103.pngUV 4A Energy Hatch;TecTech: Interdimensional;Multiple Ampere Energy Injector for Multiblocks;Amperes In: 5 A;Voltage IN: 524,288 (UV);Capacity: 8,389,120 EU
1gregtech/gt.blockmachines-15440.pngOptical Slave Connector;TecTech: Elemental Matter;Quantum Data Input for Multiblocks;High speed fibre optics connector.;Must be painted to work
1gregtech/gt.blockmachines-15451.pngObject Holder;TecTech: Elemental Matter;For Research Station;Advanced Holding Mechanism!
1tectech/gt.blockcasingsTT-1.pngComputer Casing;TecTech: Elemental Matter;Nice and clean casing.;Dust can break it!?
52tectech/gt.blockcasingsTT-3.pngAdvanced Computer Casing;TecTech: Elemental Matter;Contains high bandwidth bus;couple thousand qubits wide.
23tectech/gt.blockcasingsTT-2.pngComputer Heat Vent;TecTech: Elemental Matter;Air vent with a filter.;Perfectly muffled sound!
14Retrievalgregtech/gt.blockmachines-15331.pngResearch Station;Machine Type: Research Station;Controller block of the Research Station;Used to scan Data Sticks for Assembling Line Recipes;Needs to be fed with computation to work;Does not consume the item until the Data Stick is written;The structure is too complex!;-----------------------------------------;Hold [LSHIFT] to display structure guidelines;Added by: TecTech: Elemental Matter
1