minecraft/spawn_egg-6413.pngFlame ImpFlame Imps are demons strongly associated with fiery magic.

Not as physically strong as their dimmer cousins, Flame Imps are mischievous creatures who are very easily swayed with the promise of personal gain. They may even be bound into the service of a witch (or warlock) if the offer is good enough.

Flame Imps are summoned using a Rite of Summoning, and they are most likely to attack the first person they see. It is advisable to make a deal with them quickly.

Making a deal

To bind a Flame Imp into service, a witch must write the agreement into a Demonic Contract and sign it with their own blood (craft with a Taglock Kit). 
This contract must then be given to the Flame Imp, who will require a down-payment of Experience Levels (typically 25).

Once a deal is struck, the imp will be bound to the location of the deal, not able to wander too far away. The Imp will attack anyone hostile to its master.

Imps like receiving valuable gifts, once suitably impressed an imp may be prepared to perform various flame related spells at the request of their master.

Spells take the form of contracts describing what must be done and to whom. 
Simply craft a Demonic Contract with the necessary components and then the resulting contract with a taglock. 
Then give the contract to the Imp. So long as the creature is in the same dimension, the magic will take hold.

A Flame imp may also occasionally give a gift in return for being given valuable things. These have been known to include the souls of demons that can be consumed to allow a witch to cast demonic spells. 

A very well treated Flame Imp may even yield knowledge to summon a Lord of Torment.

0-1ANDpre15740witchery/ingredient-29.png23340witchery/ingredient-140.pngrewardsChoicewitchery/ingredient-23.pngDemon Heart
1witchery/ingredient-38.pngRefined Evil
2witchery/chalkinfernal-0.pngInfernal Chalk
1witchery/chalkheart-0.pngGolden Chalk
1enhancedlootbags/lootbag-54.pngLootBag\nYou feel that a bit more "Fortune" might be a good idea...
1Itemdreamcraft/item.CoinSurvivorII-0.pngCoin "The Survivor 100"
2dreamcraft/item.CoinWitchII-0.pngCoin "Spirit 100"
2dreamcraft/item.CoinDarkWizardII-0.pngCoin "The Dark Wizard 100"
2tasksANDRetrievalwitchery/ingredient-38.pngRefined Evil
1witchery/ingredient-80.pngDemonic Blood
1minecraft/ender_pearl-0.pngEnder Pearl\n1H Chunkloader Use in Passive and 4H in Personal Chunkloader
1witchery/ingredient-10.pngAttuned Stone
1Retrievalwitchery/ingredient-140.pngDemonic Contract
1witchery/taglockkit-0.pngTaglock Kit\nNot bound
1Retrievalminecraft/diamond-0.pngDiamond\nBurn Time: 102400
16Retrievalwitchery/ingredient-141.pngTorment\nRead this text in a circle\nof standing stones. Beware its\nexplosive entrance.
1