2408StorageDrawers/controller-0.png0Controlling Your Drawers6-1Now that you have MV Circuits and Stainless Steel, you can make the incredibly handy Drawer Controller. This block will make any drawers it connects to in a 4-block radius (including the y-axis) and 50 blocks at maximum as part of a multiblock that allows storage (and retrieval with the right setup) to any of the blocks that make it up. This will allow you to dump the contents of your mining trip into a storage system much easier. Just hold right click on the Controller front for a second or two, and any items that match what's already in the multiblock will be deposited, while your tools and such won't. Just make sure to place your Controller last so it registers all the drawers.

You can feed into the Controller (and thus the rest of the drawers) with any kind of piping or hopper equivalent. If using it as part of a Multifarm or Mob Farm, make sure to set the contents of the drawers, and lock them with a key so that it properly stores everything in an organized manner. If the drawers' contents aren't set, it will start filling starting from the ones closest. If you wish to have more than one drawer full of an item, put a void upgrade on the drawer further from the Controller, and it will fill the first one, then the second.

If you want to go around corners, use the Trim Drawers to extend the multiblock. If you want to have a second point to dump items into, use the Controller Slave (one per multiblock, automation only). Note that you can use a key on the Controller to affect all drawers at once.

Once you have an ME Network, place a storage bus on the Controller, and the entire inventory will be accessible from the network, with both storage and retrieval. Just remember to set the priority higher than your ME Drives. If you haven't locked them yet expect all your drawers to fill with random items from your ME Network.

Using the drawer controller with large amounts of I/O will tank TPS! If you're on a server, do not use drawer cubes, or expect the possibility of it being deleted or you getting banned.

Additionally, expect all non-backpack interactions to be DISABLED on the official servers. Congratulations, Drawer Cubists, you ruined it for everyone.ANDpre1601gregtech/gt.blockmachines-13.pngrewardsItemenhancedlootbags/lootbag-6.pngLootBag (Tier 3 HV)
1tasksANDRetrievalStorageDrawers/controller-0.pngDrawer Controller
1