2548appliedenergistics2/item.ItemViewCell-0.png0Miscellaneous AE Items27-1There are several AE items that aren't particularly useful, but probably deserve mention, so here they are:

Certus Tanks: They hold 32B and are portable and easy to make.

View Cell: Format in a Cell Workbench to filter what you see in a terminal (when they're installed in it)

Certus/Nether Quartz Cutting Knifes: Right-click to open interface. Place an iron ingot in the slot, and choose a name. The press can be used in the Inscriber to name stuff without using an anvil. You can also rename p2p tunnels and interfaces in world with the knife.

ME Block Container: Holds only one type of item, but the amount of a 64k drive. Can place the item in world, or replace in a 1x1 or 3x3 area. Blocks replaced will be dumped in world. This will be horizontal or vertical depending on which side of a block you select. Shift-right click air to change mode, right click a block to activate mode.

Charged Quartz Fixture: Emits light at the same level as a torch, but fancier.

Light Detecting Fixture: Emits redstone signal based on light. Since it only starts at 7, it's not as useful as the Light Sensor.

ME Upgrade (Tier 1/2/3): If you're an OC person, there's 3 upgrades you can make to add access to your network from robots and drones.
T1: 0.5 access point range
T2: Normal access point range
T3: Unlimited range, any dim

Entropy Manipulator: Changes grass/dirt/dried dirt into each other, or starts fires. Or melts ice. Useless.

Matter Cannon: Shoots Matter Balls made in the Matter Condensor. Put it in an ME Chest or Drive and put items in a Terminal to fill. Decent I guess? But it destroys blocks every time you use it, so... Well, I guess you could use it with Paint Balls?

Color Applicator: Use dye items or Paint Balls (more efficient) to dye stuff. You can dye cables, or anything Forge-compatible, like wool or glass. Place items inside like the Matter Cannon. You can cycle through the colors by holding shift and right-clicking, or scrolling the mouse wheel. If you use snow balls, you can remove paint instead. You can also use it in a dispensor.

Walrus: It's a walrus, what were you expecting?ANDpre8601gregtech/gt.metaitem.01-11028.pngrewardstasksANDCheckboxother/checkbox-.pngCheckbox
1