2936gregtech/gt.blockmachines-32013.png1Neutron Activator17-1You will need machine to process the naquadah in future.

This machine is different from most mulits. It needs to use Neutron Accelerator this special hatch instead of energy hatch to keep it running.

The accelerator will increase its Neutron Kinetic Energy (NKE) and when the NKE is between the requested number which you can see in NEI, the machine will work and output the right products. However, if you turn on the Neutron Activator when NKE doesn't meet the requirement, it will still consume your input material but output trash. So be careful with the NKE when you run this machine.

When all Neutron Accelerators aren't running, NKE will decrease 72keV/s.

Neutron Activator will explode when NKE is over 1200MeV.

The more height/speed casings you have, the more inefficient the eu->eV conversion becomes, so you then need more power. The maths is as follows: Multiply recipe time by 0.9 for each height above 4 and multiply eV you get from your input power by 0.95 for each height above 4.ANDpre30901gregtech/gt.blockmachines-32018.pngrewardsItemenhancedlootbags/lootbag-8-enchanted.pngLootBag (Tier 5 IV);Your luck is increased by 100 %;Fortune III;Enchant with a Fortune III Book
2Itemdreamcraft/item.CoinTechnicianIII-0.pngCoin "The Technician 1000"
1tasksANDOptionalgregtech/gt.blockcasings2-6.pngProcessor Machine Casing;Mobs cannot Spawn on this Block;This is NOT a TileEntity!
18IC2/blockAlloyGlass-0.pngReinforced Glass;Glass-Tier: EV
32gregtech/gt.blockmachines-4401.pngSteel Frame Box;Just something you can put covers on.
16GoodGenerator/speedingPipe-0.pngSpeeding Pipe Casing;Mobs cannot Spawn on this Block;This is NOT a TileEntity!
4Retrievalgregtech/gt.blockmachines-32013.pngNeutron Activator;Machine Type: Neutron Activator;Controller block for the Neutron Activator;Superluminal-velocity Motion.;The minimum height of the Speeding Pipe Casing is 4.;Per extra Speeding Pipe Casing will give time discount.;But it will reduce the Neutron Accelerator efficiency.;You need to input energy to the Neutron Accelerator to get it running.;It will output correct products with Specific Neutron Kinetic Energy.;Otherwise it will output trash.;The Neutron Kinetic Energy will decrease 72KeV/s when no Neutron Accelerator is running.;It will explode when the Neutron Kinetic Energy is over 1200MeV.;Inputting Graphite/Beryllium dust can reduce 10MeV per dust immediately.;The structure is too complex!;Follow the StructureLib hologram projector to build the main structure.;-----------------------------------------;Hold [LSHIFT] to display structure guidelines;Added by: Good Generator
1