3095minecraft/log-0.png0Sourcing Your Wood22-1When it comes to power from wood, your only options so far have been the wood itself and Charcoal. Both of these are low on energy per item, so you will need a lot of wood to have a decent EU/t output. How, then, can you easily get that much? There are two ways: the automated way, and the non-automated way.

The automated way can be done with one of several machines, but in LV you only have one option: the LV Crop Manager. It can automatically harvest crops in an area around it and, for this situation, the crop you want is one of several Bonsais. You can get them by planting saplings on cropsticks (there is a lot more information about how crops work in the Forestry and Multifarms page), and most types of saplings are equivalent to one another, although not all of them can be planted as crops. The ones that stand out are Spruce, which give a bit more wood than the others, and Oak, which give Apples alongside the usual wood and saplings, possibly useful for some chemistry later.

The non-automated way can be done earlier, and it only requires two things: an unbreakable Lumber Axe and trees with a lot of wood, like Sacred Oak, Redwood, or Rainforest Oak. This axe will chop down (most of) the trees and award you with stacks and stacks of wood, much faster than the automated way, but with more work. This process might be useful in the beginning, but you will have to automate the wood input at some point. 

Complete one of the tasks and get some wood to continue. ANDpre30920minecraft/sapling-0.pngrewardsItemenhancedlootbags/lootbag-4.pngLootBag;You feel that a bit more "Fortune" might be a good idea...;Enchant with a Fortune III Book
1dreamcraft/item.CoinTechnician-0.pngCoin "The Technician 1"
20tasksANDOptionalgregtech/gt.blockmachines-31111.pngCrop Manager;Harvests the Cropsticks in front of it;Secondary mode can Hydrate/Fertilize/Weed-EX;Consumes 4eu per harvest;Consumes 1eu per secondary operation;Can harvest 2 blocks above and below;Radius: 5 each side (11x3x11);Has 5% chance for extra drops;Holds 32000L of Water;Added by: Alkalus - [GT++];Voltage IN: 32 (LV);Capacity: 1,024 EU
1OptionalTConstruct/lumberaxe-0-301.pngObsidian Lumber Axe\nReinforced III\nTool Level: 01-Abused\n+2 Attack Damage
1Retrievalminecraft/log-0.pngOak Wood;Burn Time: 300
64