3130IC2/fluidDistilledWater-0.png0Mass Distilled Water22-1Water is completely free, that much is obvious. Distilled Water, though? It's the same input, but it needs a machine to process it into this version, and you best not choose singleblock Distilleries to do this, because they are incredibly slow and will never keep up with your demands.

The obvious option is a Distillation Tower. The less obvious option is a Steam Turbine multi, which outputs Distilled Water that is supposedly piped back to where the steam is made. However, there are several steam producers that use regular water, so you can try that? The DT is the simplest and most direct option, though. 3-high is the minimum, so you have to build it like that. It doesn't need a lot of power, it will fill up a tank of any size over time since the water input is completely free.

To prevent it from running continuously, though, here's a neat trick, in case you haven't done it already: take the output hatch on the second layer, where the Distilled Water comes from, and put it directly above the DT controller. Then, put a Fluid Detector Cover on the bottom side of the hatch and a Machine Controller Cover on the top side of the controller, so that the covers are facing each other. Set the controller cover to "Disable with Redstone", and the DT will stop after the fluid tank you've chosen is full. When it gets full, the output hatch will get stuck with some water, and it will send a redstone signal that stops the DT.ANDpre31270gregtech/gt.blockcasings4-2.pngrewardsItemgregtech/gt.blockmachines-43.pngHV Energy Hatch\nEnergy Injector for Multiblocks\nAccepts up to 2 Amps\nVoltage IN: 512 (HV)\nCapacity: 4,608 EU
1enhancedlootbags/lootbag-7.pngLootBag\nYou feel that a bit more "Fortune" might be a good idea...\nEnchant with a Fortune III Book
1dreamcraft/item.CoinTechnicianIII-0.pngCoin "The Technician 1000"
1tasksANDRetrievalgregtech/gt.blockmachines-1126.pngDistillation Tower\nMachine Type: Distillery\nController block for the Distillation Tower\nFluids are only put out at the correct height\nThe correct height equals the slot number in the NEI recipe\n-----------------------------------------\nHold [LSHIFT] to display structure guidelines\nAdded by: Gregtech
1gregtech/gt.blockcasings4-1.pngClean Stainless Steel Machine Casing\nMobs cannot Spawn on this Block\nThis is NOT a TileEntity!
10IC2/itemCellEmpty-12.pngDistilled Water Cell
64