3142§6§lFaster Crops§WWelcome to my ted talk, today we talk about the §6§lExtreme Industrial Greenhouse.
§rIt is the most advanced and §l§nLAG FREE§r crop farm that will allow you to supply the amount of tea you need.
The machine starts at §5EV§r, but to farm IC2 crops you will need at least §dLuV§r power.
To see the structure, place the controller on ground and use a structure hologram to build.
The glass tier limits the energy tier until §3UV§r. With §3UV§r glass you can have an energy tier as high as you want.
Shift click with screwdriver to change crop type (IC2/normal), sadly you can't farm both in one machine.
There are 3 modes to manage your crops (change with screwdriver):

§lSetup mode (input):
§rIn this mode you can plant your crops in the machine.
Just put them in the input bus and enable the machine with a soft mallet.
Additionally, you need to insert block that is required for IC2 crop to grow (if any)
When the bus is empty, just disable it and change the mode.
Keep in mind that there is limited space of slots for your crops depending on the voltage.
With normal crops you start with 1 slot and that multiplies by 2 every tier past §5EV§r, every slot can take 64 crops of the same type.
With IC2 crops you start with 4 slots and that multiplies by 4 every tier past §dLuV§r, every slot can take only 1 crop.

§lSetup mode (output):
§rThis mode allows you to move your Greenhouse or upgrade your crops.
When the machine is running in this mode it will output all planted crops in the output bus.

§lNormal operation:
§rWith normal crops it is a straightforward process. Base processing time is 5 seconds, at the end of operation all crops are grown and the outputs are added to the output bus. Additionally the time is lower every tier past §5EV§r §o(The time is divided by the number of tiers past §6HV§r§o, minimum 1 second. WOW) §r

IC2 crops on the other hand, are not that easy. They are normally simulated, but accelerated 32 times. Process time is 5 seconds. You can check the progress of the growing process with a tricorder.

If you want to grow your crops even faster, then you can use a fertilizer (up to §l400% more drops§r !). Machine will take fertilizer from the input busses on start of the operation and will be applied to that operation only. Each fetilizer gives +200% per crop in normal mode or +10% in IC2 mode. The bonus is applied evenly on crops. Examples:
Normal mode, 3 wheat seeds, 1 tea seeds, you insert 1 fertilizer, you will get +150% wheat drops and +50% tea drops.
IC2 mode, 16 melon seed bags, you insert 64 fetilizer, you will get +40% drops.

Additionally, all your crops need water to grow. Every single crop drinks 1000L per operation. So for example if you have planted 576 tea seeds at §3UV§r voltage you will need 576000 L per second.

§lLast notes:
§rThe animation can’t be disabled.
The lamps can be inverted.
The dirt must be tilled.
If you encounter any issue or have any suggestion please open an issue on github and ping §l@kuba6000§r.
This MB was created to farm tea because I wanted to.
ANDpreRequgregtech/gt.blockmachines~15Quest Name For 213213rewardsItemdreamcraft/item.CoinFarmerIII~0Item Name10Itemkubatech/kubaitems~3Item Name1tasksANDRetrievalgregtech/gt.blockcasings4~1gregtech/gt.blockcasings4~1 Name76ProjRedIllumination/projectred.illumination.lamp~10ProjRedIllumination/projectred.illumination.lamp~10 Name9RandomThings/fertilizedDirt~0RandomThings/fertilizedDirt~0 Name8Retrievalgregtech/gt.blockmachines~12792gregtech/gt.blockmachines~12792 Name1
